docs: add OTEL version to readme (#126)
honeycombio/honeycomb-opentelemetry-java: RELEASING.md

1. First, update the `project.version` in the root build.gradle file. Also update the Changelog, as well as any references to the previous version in the docs.

> 2. (Maybe) update the OpenTelemetry versions in the readme, if those were upgraded since last release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the new release updates the OpenTelemetry SDK and/or agent versions, update the `Latest release built with` section in the [README](./README.md).
```
